Questions
1. Overall Evaluation
Major Revision - Many revisions required and an "accept" post revision is not certain
3. Novelty
Novel problem
Novel solution
4. Importance: select all that apply:
The paper clearly advances the state of the art in its field
The paper is likely to influence other research in the community
5. Summary of contribution (in a few sentences)
The authors propose techniques to count (p,q)-bicliques in a privacy preserving manner. The framework considered is epsilon-edge local differential privacy whereby vertexes report perturbed versions of their neighbour lists to an untrusted curator, who thus has access to a noisy version of the graph on which it counts. The authors first present a naive algorithm, whereby the curator counts (p,q)-bicliques on the noisy graph; however, in sparse graphs, more 0's and likely to be toggled to 1's, creating a noisy graph denser than the real one, creating bias. The next algorithm thus adds a correction step to the curator to compute an unbiased estimate. But this correction requires solving a challenging problem of counting particular subgraphs, and is associated with high variance due to edges being flipped independently. The third algorithm, MCRN, thus sees the curator send the noisy graph back to each vertex in order to compute its own count according to its neighbours and the noisy graph, which is perturbed and sent back to the curator; the curator then aggregates and applies a correction over these local estimates. Three refinements are explored: one that aggregates estimates from each p-tuple, one that duplicates the computation in the upper and lower triangle of the adjacency matrix of the undirected graph and averages the result over both noisy graphs, and one that estimates for the upper and lower vertices of the bipartite graph separately. Experiments on 13 real-world graphs show that the third algorithm produces lower relative errors, but can take longer, and has higher communication costs; the refinements tend to reduce errors but with additional cost.
6. Describe in detail all strong points, labeled S1, S2, S3, etc.
S1: With some (notable) details listed below, I found the paper to be well-written. I really enjoyed the presentation of starting with a naive and simple algorithm, and then iteratively detailing a sequence of algorithms that improve on a clear weakness of the previous.

S2: The paper is technically deep, providing some interesting ideas in terms of overall approach, as well as detailed analysis of the corrections necessary to achieve unbiased estimators (I must admit that I do not have the necessary expertise to verify these details).

S3: The experiments compare different datasets, parameters, etc., and effectively illustrate the trade-offs of using the different algorithms: their strengths and limitations. The results overall make sense, and are well-explained.
7. Describe in detail all opportunities for improvement, labeled O1, O2, O3, etc.
O1: The motivating example in the introduction does not make sense to me: "If the (2,3)-biclique counts of the two graphs are released, the colluding users can observe a jump (e.g., from 1 to 3) and deduce that u2 purchased v3". This seems to assume that the other users have a lot of information. It would require knowing (a) that u2 forms part of the graph; (b) that u2 is the only other user in the graph; and (c) that u2 has already bought v1 and v2.

O2: Regarding O1, this is also a problem in the sense that it does not help motivate the potential impact of the work. Related to this point, the MRCN algorithm passes the noisy graph to each vertex, which intuitively seems to be problematic from a practical privacy perspective, and also against the "spirit" of the epsilon-edge local differential privacy. Now every vertex shares the same information as the curator: while neither the curator nor the individual vertex is trusted, the amount of additional information shared with vertices is significant.

O3: I found the introduction to be too focused on details, and not focused enough on the bigger picture; it also uses notation and concepts not introduced until later (though one can guess at their meaning). Section 2 was much more useful to understand the core ideas and challenges, especially the scenario on sensitive questions and the analysis of the naive algorithm. So Section 1 could be much shorter and high-level, I think, to get to Section 2 faster.

O4: I also found the notation to be a bit sloppy due to frequent minor issues. As mentioned in O3, notation is sometimes used before it is defined. Here's a list of other such issues:

- In section 2.1, first it is stated that V = (U,L) and then V = U \cup L. Seems to be more an abuse of notation than an error, but I consider this to be unnecessary and a bit messy.

- "is of dimensions n × n" What is n? n_1 × n_2 maybe?

- "randomized algorithm of vertex u" What is a "randomized algorithm"? I guess this should speak about an algorithm that randomly toggles bits in the neighbour list of u?

- Definition 2: What is Ri and what is the "Range(.)" function?

- "the data curator constructs a noisy graph G′_e and returns the number of butterflies" It should count (p,q)-bicliques, not butterflies.

- Definition 5: "induced by the vertices in M is N is called" Revise.

- Definition 5: "Here \mathcal{V} denotes a vertex set in V(G)." But \mathcal{V} is not used?

- Definition 5: I did not follow the definitions, and in particular the quantification of V in the definition of TP(.,.) (but I guess I understood that it is the probability of transforming from one motif to another via the randomised flipping of edges?).

O5: Perhaps I missed it, but I did not find any material provided to enable reproducibility. A link to datasets is provided, but not to code.

O6: The methods only work for low values of (p,q) like (2,2) and (2,3).
8. Please rank the three most critical strong points and/or opportunities for improvement that led to your overall evaluation rating, e.g., "{S1, O7, O4}"
(S2, O1, O2)
9. Do you have specific questions to authors to answer in author feedback? Use Q1, Q2, Q3, etc. for questions.
Q1: Regarding O1: Could you share all premises and the reasoning for v2 to come to that conclusion? Is this realistic? In what settings?

Q2: Regarding O2: The experiments show the computation strengths / weaknesses of MCRN, which make sense. But what about the practical privacy issue of sharing the noisy graph with all vertices?

[I appreciate the authors' feedback on Q1 and Q2. Regarding Q1, the authors acknowledge that the users have substantial background knowledge; I appreciate if this is clarified. Regarding Q2, the authors clarify that since the noisy graph introduces randomness, this is not a problem; more details are still needed, so I appreciate if this can be clarified. Likewise I appreciate the provision of supplemental material and a revision plan for other opportunities for improvement. For this reason, I stick with a Major Revision, and to have another look once implemented.]
10. Minor remarks: Use this field to describe minor remarks that are not listed as opportunities for improvement, e.g., to highlight typos, formatting problems, or minor technical issues, labeled M1, M2, M3, etc.
- "In practice, no general efficient algorithm exists for counting motifs with p upper and q lower vertices for arbitrary (p,q) values." Exists, or is known? What does "efficient" mean? (Is there some more formal characterisation of complexity?)

- "Per-vertex Communication costs." I suggest to dynamically size brackets for the formula.
11. Required changes for revision: List required changes for a revision, if appropriate, by identifying subset of previously specified opportunities for improvement (e.g., O1, O3, O6). Authors can respond to this in their proposed initial revision plan along with the author feedback.
O1: I suggest to revise this example, or be more explicit.

O2: Explain in more detail the practical downsites of MCRN for privacy (or explain why there are no such downsides).

O3: Summarise/abstract the introduction to get to section 4 faster.

O4: Revise and fix the notational bugs.

O5: Provide access to documented code to reproduce the results.

O6: Clarify in the introduction that the paper only addresses low values for (p,q). Add some discussion on how easy/difficult this might be to address for future work.
12. Inclusive writing: does the paper follow the SIGMOD inclusive writing guidelines? See https://dbdni.github.io/pages/inclusivewriting.html for more information. If not, please provide suggestions on how to improve the writing of the paper.
I agree
14. Availability of artifacts: All papers were asked to make their code, data, scripts, and notebooks available anonymously if possible. You can find this information in the paper summary on CMT when clicking on the Paper ID next to the title. The call for papers emphasizes the need for artifacts especially for E&A Papers and DI&DS Papers. Are the artifacts available? Do you have any comments or feedback on the artifacts?
Datasets are linked to (a third-party website, it seems). I did not find any code. The provided link https://anonymous.4open.science/r/sourcecode-AA60/README.md return an empty file for me.%  
