Questions
1. Overall Evaluation
Major Revision - Many revisions required and an "accept" post revision is not certain
3. Novelty
Novel solution
4. Importance: select all that apply:
SIGMOD attendees will learn something interesting from the paper
5. Summary of contribution (in a few sentences)
The paper presents a new method for privately counting the number of (p,q)-bicliques in a bipartite graph under edge local differential privacy. It introduces both a one-round and a multi-round approach for enumerating (p, q)-bicliques. While the one-round method struggles with scalability for arbitrary p and q, the multi-round method, called MRCN, improves performance by avoiding exhaustive visits to all subgraphs with p upper and q lower vertices. This method is further enhanced through multicenter optimization and refined noisy graph construction. Experimental results demonstrate clear improvements over the naive approach.
6. Describe in detail all strong points, labeled S1, S2, S3, etc.
S1. Problem motivation is clear and the examples help in understanding the details.

S2. Logical progression from OneR to MRCN and MRCN++, addressing scalability and variance issues.

S3. OneR’s generalization of motif transformation probabilities from butterflies to arbitrary (p,q)-bicliques is a meaningful extension.
7. Describe in detail all opportunities for improvement, labeled O1, O2, O3, etc.
O1. While the datasets help show utility of the approach, they are mostly sparse graphs. It would be good to have a few dense graphs in the datasets as well.

O2. The assumption for an RR constructed noisy graph is that all edges are independent. With the refined noisy graph construction, parallel composition is not guaranteed since edge i,j is directly correlated with edge j,i in an undirected construction of a graph. A correction/clarification would help here.

O3. Places where composition theorems are used versus where post processing is used is unclear. Although the use seems fairly evident, proving the priors before using theorems would give more confidence to the conclusions.

O4. Whether the degree estimation step for individual vertices parallel composition allows for epsilon-0 to be reused remains unclear. This should be the case for one side of the bipartition since all vertices in the bipartition would not share edges. But it is vague for the case where vertices are on opposite sides.

O5. The paper is mathematically dense. More intuition and verbal explanation before theorems would improve readability.

O6. The experimental gains in several settings are modest. Why MRCN should be preferred over OneR remains unclear. Although it is a more sophisticated model, it is not showing too much benefit. A discussion addressing this could help.
8. Please rank the three most critical strong points and/or opportunities for improvement that led to your overall evaluation rating, e.g., "{S1, O7, O4}"
S3, O1, O2, O4, O6
9. Do you have specific questions to authors to answer in author feedback? Use Q1, Q2, Q3, etc. for questions.
O1, O2, O3, O4
11. Required changes for revision: List required changes for a revision, if appropriate, by identifying subset of previously specified opportunities for improvement (e.g., O1, O3, O6). Authors can respond to this in their proposed initial revision plan along with the author feedback.
O1, O2, O3, O4, O5, O6
12. Inclusive writing: does the paper follow the SIGMOD inclusive writing guidelines? See https://dbdni.github.io/pages/inclusivewriting.html for more information. If not, please provide suggestions on how to improve the writing of the paper.
I agree
14. Availability of artifacts: All papers were asked to make their code, data, scripts, and notebooks available anonymously if possible. You can find this information in the paper summary on CMT when clicking on the Paper ID next to the title. The call for papers emphasizes the need for artifacts especially for E&A Papers and DI&DS Papers. Are the artifacts available? Do you have any comments or feedback on the artifacts?
Artifacts are not available